The Last Lecture

The Last Lecture: Achieving Your Childhood Dreams was given by Randy Pausch was a moving lecture that encapsulated both achieving your dreams, helping others achieve theirs, and ultimately, how to live your life. Randy, as a kid, dreamed of everything from playing in the NFL to being in zero gravity, and even being a Disney Imagineer. While he didn’t play for the NFL, he got experience and lessons that he wouldn’t have otherwise gotten.  He went on to do just about everything else on the list before helping others tackle their dreams.
	Randy was ambitious, viewing brick walls as a hurdle that will show you how badly you want something. He lived his life ready to take any opportunity he could. It was inspiring to see how much he listened as well. When a female student asked what made Alice fun, he listened as she said that a story based game would appeal to a lot more young girls who could be assets to the programming world. He made sure students understood how important it was to be a team player, so much so that there were graphs of who was the easiest and most difficult to work with. His choice to be a “Tigger” instead of an “Eeyore” was the perfect example of how much joy that man got from life. 
	What stood out to me more than any of this was the emotions of his wife. I was in tears when she blew out her birthday candle. I can’t imagine the loss, but I also feel how grateful she must have felt for sharing a life with someone who got everything they could from it. He also ended the lecture by telling everyone that it was for his children. It is so clear that Randy Pausch was a gift to so many people, and continues to inspire with his Last Lecture. As of today, it has inspired 20,427,346 people, myself included.
